Improved IT87-support to support newer asustor devices, fix blinking status LED (#6)
mafredri/asustor-platform-driver: README.md

## Dependencies

**Note:** All other dependencies used by these modules are part of the mainline linux kernel, if they're not included by your distribution you may need to compile them yourself.

- `gpio-ich` (AS6)
- `hwmon-vid` (for the contained `asustor-it87` module)

### Optional

- `it87` (AS6, AS61, AS62, AS66XX, AS67XX, AS54XX)
  - This project includes a patched version of `it87` called `asustor-it87` which skips fan pwm sanity checks
    and supports more variants of IT86XX and the IT87XX chips than the kernels `it87` driver.

>     Furthermore it supports controlling blinking of up to two LEDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Support for timer-based blinking of up to two LEDs (only works on some models) has also been added.
```

## Tips

### Control blinking LEDs with `it87`

*Note:* This is probably not supported on all devices, only ones that use the IT8625E or IT8720F

> chips or similar.

Reviewer: At least I don't see any behavioral changes on my AS61 with `IT8728F`, so I don't think it's supported on there.

Btw, does this work or conflict with setting a trigger for the led? E.g. `echo cpu | sudo tee /sys/class/leds/green:status/trigger`?

Author: This doesn't seem to work together.
Even when setting the LED to "always on", the trigger doesn't do anything.
And if I set gpled1_blink to `0`, I still can't configure the green:status LED (at all, neither trigger nor brightness).
No idea why, maybe additionally some bit must be set somewhere so an LED can be controlled freely, if it has been controlled by that blinking feature first

Author: good news: I found a way to make blinking control work more properly!
I found the reg and bits that must be set to switch the GPIO between "Simple I/O mode" which lets you use brightness and trigger etc, and "Alternate mode" which lets you use that builtin blinking feature

Reviewer: That's really cool, nice work! I can now use the `gpled` to blink any led on my AS61 too.

It behaves a bit weirdly for the `green:status` led (seems to be a long pause after two blink intervals or something, but on other LEDs it is consistent).

Switch off that annoying blinking of the green status LED:
```
echo 0 | sudo tee /sys/devices/platform/asustor_it87.*/hwmon/hwmon*/gpled1_blink
```

You can re-enable it with `echo 47 | sudo tee ...` because the status led is it87_gp**47**.
In theory, you can make other GPIO LEDs blink by using their GP number instead of 47,

> but I couldn't get that to work.

Author: Doesn't seem like any triggers are set by the firmware itself.
Though it's theoretically possible that they *do* set triggers, but the kernel module doesn't *read* those settings but only has its own state for the trigger.

But on the other hand, I think that those triggers are software-only, i.e. the kernel will control the LED, so there probably isn't any state for it on the IT-87 chip

> but I couldn't get that to work.

Reviewer: > Doesn't seem like any triggers are set by the firmware itself.

Ah, I wasn't suggesting that the firmware sets any triggers other than blinking `47` on `gpled1`. I was referring to the triggers set by the `asustor` module.

But anywho, it seems your latest changes with improved `gpled` support already answers my question.
